cheesecakes/README.md, before:

# Cheesecakes demo application

- Data source: https://www.juniorscheesecake.com/all-items/strawberry-cheesecake
- Theme url: https://wordpress.org/themes/shopping

> In this application you will see how to
- Use filters with routes generated by the Content Type Builder
- Create custom routes / controllers / services.
- Use groups and authentication permissions

## Setup

**1 —** Clone the repository.
```bash
git clone git@github.com:strapi/strapi-examples.git
```

**2 —** Go to the `cheesecakes` example and install the dependencies.
```bash
cd cheesecakes
npm install
```

**3 —** Start the server.
```bash
npm start
```

## Bootstrap application data

When you start your application for the first time, if you don't have any data, we auto inject a dataset in your mongo database.
You can see how we did it in the `/config/function/bootstrap.js` file. It calls the `initDatabase` function of the `/api/app/service/App.js` service's file. The dataset is in `/api/app/config/data.json`.

> You have to start a mongoDB server before starting your application !

## Rendering views

When you are at `http://localhost:1337`, Strapi renders the `/public/index.html` file. In this file we inject `/public/css/style.css` and `/public/scripts/index.js`.
When you click on a cheesecake item, Strapi renders `public/product.html`. Documentation link https://strapi.io/documentation/guides/public-assets.html.

## Filters

In the `/public/scripts/index.js` you will see how to make a GET request using filter params on cakes.
API endpoints are located at `/api/cake/config/routes.json`. Documentation link https://strapi.io/documentation/guides/filters.html.

## Custom route

By default the Content Type Builder doesn't provide a route to count data. So we create a new route in `/api/cake/config/routes.json` `GET /cake/count`. We have to put this route just before `GET /cake/:_id`.
Then you have to create the associated controller's function and also in this particular case we have to create a service.

## Authentication

In `public/product.html` page we add login / register function to be able to submit a review. At the end of the `/public/scripts/product.js` file you will see how use auth routes. Documentation link https://strapi.io/documentation/guides/authentification.html.

## Admin

In the admin panel (`http://localhost:1337/admin`) you will be able to manage (create/update/delete) cakes.

Commit message:

Update setup process and fix data

cheesecakes/README.md, after:

# Cheesecakes demo application

- Data source: https://www.juniorscheesecake.com/all-items/strawberry-cheesecake
- Theme url: https://wordpress.org/themes/shopping

> In this application you will see how to
- Use filters with routes generated by the Content Type Builder
- Create custom routes / controllers / services.
- Use groups and authentication permissions

## Setup

**1 —** Clone the repository.
```bash
git clone git@github.com:strapi/strapi-examples.git
```

**2 —** Go to the `cheesecakes` example and install the dependencies.
```bash
cd cheesecakes
npm run setup --plugins
# It can take few minutes
```

**3 —** Start the server.
```bash
npm start
```

**4 —** Update permissions.

You have to go in your admin panel and update permission of the `Guest` role (Plugins > Users & Permissions > Guest).

Allow these actions:
  - App:
    - Info
  - Cake:
    - Count
    - Find
    - FindOne
  - Category:
    - Find
    - FindOne
  - Review:
    - Submit
    - Find
    - FindOne

## Bootstrap application data

When you start your application for the first time, if you don't have any data, we auto inject a dataset in your mongo database.
You can see how we did it in the `/config/function/bootstrap.js` file. It calls the `initDatabase` function of the `/api/app/service/App.js` service's file. The dataset is in `/api/app/config/data.json`.

> You have to start a mongoDB server before starting your application !

## Rendering views

When you are at `http://localhost:1337`, Strapi renders the `/public/index.html` file. In this file we inject `/public/css/style.css` and `/public/scripts/index.js`.
When you click on a cheesecake item, Strapi renders `public/product.html`. Documentation link https://strapi.io/documentation/guides/public-assets.html.

## Filters

In the `/public/scripts/index.js` you will see how to make a GET request using filter params on cakes.
API endpoints are located at `/api/cake/config/routes.json`. Documentation link https://strapi.io/documentation/guides/filters.html.

## Custom route

By default the Content Type Builder doesn't provide a route to count data. So we create a new route in `/api/cake/config/routes.json` `GET /cake/count`. We have to put this route just before `GET /cake/:_id`.
Then you have to create the associated controller's function and also in this particular case we have to create a service.

## Authentication

In `public/product.html` page we add login / register function to be able to submit a review. At the end of the `/public/scripts/product.js` file you will see how use auth routes. Documentation link https://strapi.io/documentation/guides/authentification.html.

## Admin

In the admin panel (`http://localhost:1337/admin`) you will be able to manage (create/update/delete) cakes.
