README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://cldup.com/7umchwdUBh.png" /></p>
<h3 align="center">API creation made simple, secure and fast.</h3>
<p align="center">The most advanced open-source Content Management Framework to build powerful API with no effort.</p>

***

<br />

**Looking for examples** to understand how Strapi works? **You're in the right place!** <br />

## Examples

- **[Hello World](./hello-world) -** *Basic app to say hello to everyone* <br />
   `Tags` routes, controllers, i18n
- **[Cheesecakes](./cheesecakes) -** *e-commerce application* <br />
   `Tags` routes, controllers, models, services, relations, auth
- **[Gatsby Strapi Tutorial](./gatsby-strapi-tutorial) -** *Source code of the tutorial "[Building a static blog using Gatsby and Strapi](https://blog.strapi.io/building-a-static-website-using-gatsby-and-strapi)".* <br />
   `Tags` gatsby, static website, content API
- **[React Authentication Flow](./login-react) -** *Basic React App that implements the authentication flow* <br />
   `Tags` auth, react
- **[Create-React-App](./good-old-react-authentication-flow) -** *Basic React App Boilerplate that has the authentication with local and custom providers.* <br />
   `Tags` auth, react
- **[React-Apollo](./react-apollo) -** *Basic React App Boilerplate that use the GraphQL API when the GraphQL plugin is installed in your project.* <br />
  `Tags` auth, react, graphql

## Contributing

We would love to add your example in this repository. Feel free to submit a Pull Request (against `master` branch) and we will merge it as soon as possible.

Commit message:

Add Jekyll tutorial in tutorial

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://cldup.com/7umchwdUBh.png" /></p>
<h3 align="center">API creation made simple, secure and fast.</h3>
<p align="center">The most advanced open-source Content Management Framework to build powerful API with no effort.</p>

***

<br />

**Looking for examples** to understand how Strapi works? **You're in the right place!** <br />

## Examples

- **[Hello World](./hello-world) -** *Basic app to say hello to everyone* <br />
   `Tags` routes, controllers, i18n
- **[Cheesecakes](./cheesecakes) -** *e-commerce application* <br />
   `Tags` routes, controllers, models, services, relations, auth
- **[Gatsby Strapi Tutorial](./gatsby-strapi-tutorial) -** *Source code of the tutorial "[Building a static blog using Gatsby and Strapi](https://blog.strapi.io/building-a-static-website-using-gatsby-and-strapi)".* <br />
   `Tags` gatsby, static website, content API
- **[React Authentication Flow](./login-react) -** *Basic React App that implements the authentication flow* <br />
   `Tags` auth, react
- **[Jekyll Strapi Tutorial](./jekyll-strapi-tutorial) -** *Source code of the tutorial "[Building a static blog using Jekyll and Strapi](https://blog.strapi.io/building-a-static-website-using-jekyll-and-strapi)".* <br />
   `Tags` jekyll, static website, content API
- **[Create-React-App](./good-old-react-authentication-flow) -** *Basic React App Boilerplate that has the authentication with local and custom providers.* <br />
   `Tags` auth, react
- **[React-Apollo](./react-apollo) -** *Basic React App Boilerplate that use the GraphQL API when the GraphQL plugin is installed in your project.* <br />
  `Tags` auth, react, graphql

## Contributing

We would love to add your example in this repository. Feel free to submit a Pull Request (against `master` branch) and we will merge it as soon as possible.
